Lilliana Robinson: Which is nice. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Alright. We just have a few top of the hour announcement. Since this is the only time today, we're all going to be gathered including the people on Zoom, we're also recording this. So you guys can go back and look at it because I'm gonna explain the data.
Lilliana Robinson: So Neil, I'll let you kick it off. We're sorry with the we're from Eric's talk. Yes, yeah. Okay. So
Lilliana Robinson: How many of you all were at Eric's, everyone else's talk yesterday.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay,
Lilliana Robinson: how was it?
Lilliana Robinson: Good, important, right now? Right? So I know that there is a good number, because there's a sub group of folks who are not there.
Lilliana Robinson: How do we have a recording of a previous one? So we're gonna find a recording of a previous one. But I would just want you all to know for those of you who weren't at that top.
Lilliana Robinson: I think it's really important that you watch a recording of that session, and what he has to say.
Lilliana Robinson: everything I started is probably one of the toughest gigs around.
Lilliana Robinson: and I think he has a very so as a techstar's founder, and now as somebody who joined a company as a CEO of one of our Tech stars companies as well, he was also one of our former eirs.
Lilliana Robinson: His perspective is spot on with what a lot of you are probably going.
Lilliana Robinson: So for anybody that feels like you're either overwhelmed. You're dealing with a lot a lot. You won't go to bed thinking about it. Sleeping on. It's really tough, obviously, and otherwise I can't employ you enough to take that seriously and take the time like, get support from us, from him, from up from each other.
Lilliana Robinson: I wanted to write down who was not there. So I can send it to you guys and make sure. So alibi team, I know. Talks team. Anyone anyone else missing. So Rhonda team
Lilliana Robinson: talks anyone else I know. Okay, so no reason, Christy, you missed it, too. Okay, cool. So we got her anything. Paige talks
Lilliana Robinson: Rhonda something you missed too. Okay, cool. So all of these things, as you all can probably gather, are timed and on purpose, like we know what we're doing when it comes to sequencing these perspectives, Rhonda, Paige, Christy and Son. So now we've got intervenes.
Lilliana Robinson: So basically, we just wanted to level set with you guys, this is the only time we're gonna all be together today. And it feels like we need to just have a reset as a group.
Lilliana Robinson: And some people are kind of reeling. Some people are saying like, Oh, it was great! The people who say it was great is only due to their perspective, I promise you. I've seen every single person's feedback, like everybody got negative feedback. So those who are feeling good and happy, it's just based on your perspective. Yeah, it's it's it's a matter of processing tough love and competing perspectives and people who you're like. Alright like you don't like me. Alright cool, fine. We'll just move on. It is what it is. Not everybody's gonna love you, not everybody's gonna say nice things about
Lilliana Robinson: you or what you are, what you do then. So I got plenty of entities out there. I don't know
Lilliana Robinson: they don't. I don't think about so. But here's the deal you have to take each
Lilliana Robinson: one of these inputs as a data point.
Lilliana Robinson: as a helpful data point that you can convert into energy. It's like, okay, one person I've interacted with feels this way about me or my business.
Lilliana Robinson: That is what it is. What am I going to do about it?
Lilliana Robinson: Am I gonna register? That? Is that helpful feedback, is it. Not if it isn't, I'm gonna leave it alone. I'm gonna move on to focus on feedback, that is. But I don't want anyone here to feel like. There's one person you can say one thing to you, and that's gonna trip you up from making progress on your business. That's ridiculous. Nothing should get in your way. We can't get in your way of your business. You run it, you own it. It's yours to make successful or to fit.
Lilliana Robinson: so make sure that you're controlling your destiny still. And all these people, with all these perspectives who have 20 or 30 min to get to know you can't tell you the truth in order to happen next.
Lilliana Robinson: Understood?
Lilliana Robinson: If you feel like you want some additional support which is totally valid. We have made a little sign up sheet, for in person meetings with Manual for 50 min slots. It's on our office store back there. You can add at the end of this you can just take a pen and sign up for a spot. People who are virtual just box us, we're always available to you guys. But some of you guys here have asked to like, grab us on the side. So we made some of the time blocks available for you.
Lilliana Robinson: That's on that door in the back.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah, just don't let them. Don't let them get as you go like. It's you still got a business around. And the words are just words
Lilliana Robinson: that matters. Yeah. So just let me know on the side with you guys.
Lilliana Robinson: alright. So jobs to be done and weekly what to expect. So yeah. So jobs to be done this morning great job for the folks. We did it. And then I I have. W. Which team was that order starboard. So Star Board is right after this. Can you pull up
Lilliana Robinson: your weekly? What to expect? Because I realized, logistically speaking, this morning we were scrambling like we. We had a lot of content to get through it. Everyone had a lot of you all done a lot of work.
Lilliana Robinson: What's tough about this presentation is that it's 3 min that's not the same as us. Taking all the time to greet everything that you wrote which is separate. We've committed to going through that separately to give you feedback and spend more time with you, one on one to make sure that we're on the same page. The purpose of this session is to do a high level overview of your insights so that you can get a quick reaction from the room and from us live as a group of where you're at with your understanding of who your customers are, what the clusters might be.
Lilliana Robinson: So I just wanted to make that clear to everybody, because I think there may have been a misunderstanding this morning about what all to cover, and that understanding can come from cause. We me, Neil, Sophie, Kate and Chloe will all review your reports later. So what I wrote in here and like, I let you guys go up to 4 min. So because I wrote that here. So
Lilliana Robinson: the explanation here is, you have 4 min, although your report will no doubt have many more details. Just pick the top 3 insights like pick a cluster, or all of your clusters, but really high level that you wanna highlight. And we'll review the full reports afterwards. So that's really important to understand, especially Star Board, since you haven't gone yet.
Lilliana Robinson: so probably, if they like, show the report, maybe just like highlight. One of the pages, as long as you have that. As long as you know what you're gonna say.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, just know that like one of the things that's gonna be important for all we need to develop a skill around is to know, like, how much time do I have? Oh, 4 min. Okay, I know what I can cover in 4 min to make my point and get the value out of this time.
Lilliana Robinson: What I don't want to happen is you stood up and you still like, Oh, let me just, and we're freesty down. Then we gotta go. Hey? Time for now. Okay, then you get a rush at the end. That's not ideal. Right? I want you to say what you gotta say get your feedback, and then we move on.
Lilliana Robinson: So also I know. But on that weekly what to expect. I think there was also another feedback you had about folks asking questions that you answered in this update. This is the main thing. There's nothing else.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So finally, when, just to remind you is that I think our team gets asked a lot of questions
Lilliana Robinson: that are answered here.
Lilliana Robinson: So please let's have an understanding that you take the time to read this
Lilliana Robinson: before you ask the question, because there's a chance that this answers the question, yeah, and try to get out early like this was on Thursday last week, so that you guys could be prepared the week and also going to what you guys are going to be doing like this time. I went through assignments and stuff. That you'll see in your week to do list. So there's a lot of dense information. Very important. If you have not read it, I explain who Mert is that you're gonna meet tomorrow bunch.
Lilliana Robinson: So really important. Alright. So then we're going to talk about Brex. And then we're going to talk about fundamentally. And do
Lilliana Robinson: we wanna talk about Christy's question here and our thread below? So I, I commented here, and I just wanted to address, live and then say, I'd love for you to just post contacts of whatever you need help with here wherever you are.
Lilliana Robinson: Is that what I'm here?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, well, stop, Brian. This host post your contacts on your question in Hq. Anyways, if you haven't read my message here. I think it's really important.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, I see, Vincent, you didn't. Ok. I'll address that. But Christy and Marcel and Brian. Everybody's question. Here is.
Lilliana Robinson: the partners were like offering the perks in their response emails. I think you guys also noticed that they sent
Lilliana Robinson: Formatted one where they're just pasting in your company. Name I it's something to sweat about. People are just like trying to help you. They don't have time to write original messages to each of you partners actually are giving you the perks which are added discount to them, and they're just sharing so like you could take it. Leave it. Gavin's here to be an mentor. I don't think it. We should feel offended by that. If that's something you don't want, you can just leave it on the team like we said.
Lilliana Robinson: we can take value from everything. She's there to help you and guide you in other ways. Christy, if you want to talk to her about partnerships. You definitely should have a follow up, call and ask about it.
Lilliana Robinson: ignore them. Move on. It's all good like. Who cares? You know what I mean. Life is gonna go on. That's my point. So like, if there's any aspect or anything that's going on that is not resonating or valuable or a good use of time. If I were to you, I would just move on with my life and build my business
Lilliana Robinson: right? So that's my reminder to folks like, do not let something
Lilliana Robinson: unhelpful trip you up.
Lilliana Robinson: Just
Lilliana Robinson: get over it cool.
Lilliana Robinson: You got no problem. You guys can be in here. You can just bring your whole team. This is important. I need Vincent. Okay, quickly, Vincent, your question here, and if anyone is ever not honoring like what it says on Texas universe in the Perks page, it shows you directly how to get that deal. Yeah, go ahead.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that'll happen. Right? Some people stop. Yeah, you can email perks@textr.com.
Lilliana Robinson: Also, one person isn't a whole company. Maybe that person's just a bad day.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, yeah. So in Ferranus cohort that we keep talking about all the time we had come in this week, which can happen tomorrow for you guys. And we're gonna have a whole workshop about data room. And then Mark realize that everybody had the wrong priorities and they needed a mental ship. So the whole conversation changed to
Lilliana Robinson: I I I was locked out of my house, so I was taking zoom calls like near my my window, and my house sitting on the ground with my laptop open, and I was picking up this workshop for the text. Our founders and I got on the phone with Nerd, like probably 10 or 15 min beforehand, and we're coming off of Mentor mad. So we're right where you all are, and we've gone through the feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Some of you have glowing reviews, but most of Corona's class. They tore them apart right? They just warm up big time. They're like, Oh, my God! Like these guys need to do a lot of things and going into. We were gonna talk about how to fundraise and how to put the data in together, whatever.
Lilliana Robinson: But then we had this moment, like 5 min before the workshop. And we're like, actually.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we need to. We need to have a level set conversation with everybody about where they're at cause. Our founders are in a position where they thought for the next 2 months that they were gonna gear up and have this huge, successful
Lilliana Robinson: 6 to 7 figure fundrais that they were gonna kicked off.
Lilliana Robinson: but where so many of them were at
Lilliana Robinson: instead, was
Lilliana Robinson: needing to sober up
Lilliana Robinson: about where their business is at fitness, wise financially, and otherwise, to even understand the gap that they have to clear, to even consider themselves to be funded.
Lilliana Robinson: And we needed everyone to understand
Lilliana Robinson: how far away they were from that state.
Lilliana Robinson: So we decided to
Lilliana Robinson: have that conversation with the founders, and they were not happy about that. They didn't take it very well I should say because it was. It was almost. It was almost like a fence. Because, Mer, you're gonna meet him tomorrow. Maybe today he's not. He's slightly different than me, and that, like
Lilliana Robinson: I, I think I have a very like
Lilliana Robinson: comforting way of of putting a lot of things that you all could do. Merx is not like that. We're just gonna literally like, tell you. Probably some mentors you met are like next to where they're super blunt, and they're just gonna like kind of cut through the cut through the the noise
Lilliana Robinson: keeps it candidly. Real, packs a bunch of energy, and will, no doubt, on the way to the building already it's out of of cares, out of love like. So our our toughness towards you, our feedback on this
Lilliana Robinson: and the gap that we want you to clear. We want you to clear it. We're not trying to cut you down. We are trying to build you up, and I understand that many of you have different ways, that you need to be communicated to different
Lilliana Robinson: love languages, if you will so help us understand what form of feedback is the most helpful. But at the same time.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, we need your grace and understanding with
Lilliana Robinson: how Canada we really want to be about what you all need to do to be ready to either raise capital, get customers or both.
Lilliana Robinson: So just know that, like all of this is on purpose. Yeah, it's at the end of the day. We don't want to start your progress. So like the best thing we can do is just give you as much feedback and be as brutally honest as possible. So Neil and Mert basically told everybody like, Look, you guys are not ready to fundraise and, like you have a lot of work to do. They didn't like hearing that Mert and I then spent the next about 3 or 4 months working together along with another member of our team
Lilliana Robinson: from Chicago, making a data room curriculum. So what resulted was an 8 week data room curriculum that we've now run for the past 6 program. So it's tried and true. And the whole point is that by the end of the program, all of you. And it's actually an internal goal of ours will have a completed data rate that you can use after text.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, cause I'm working on the global curriculum. Now, as part of my new role. So this is something that they've asked to see. And they're really excited about. And all of Texas might be doing this now. So you guys can, you know, have the exclusive inside of book?
Lilliana Robinson: So let me go through with you. The whole purpose is starting at the end of this week, and this week is easy. It's just like read an article so that you can be familiar. So starting next week, really, you're gonna have one deliverable per week. They'll be due at the Kpi calls that we're gonna have on Mondays.
Lilliana Robinson: And at each one we'll talk about the next one. So it's just step by step. I kind of broke it down into despite size bits, because a data room is really intimidating Nicole from Jp. Morgan yesterday, if you remember, she was here, and she was talking about what a data room is, basically your whole business on paper in like a Google Drive, or some sort of Sas platform for people to view.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's everything from your business, from metrics to storytelling and an executive summary legal documents, your stakeholder communications, all of that. So instead of that intimidating, big, nebulous cloud, it's just one deliverable per week, and we're gonna all do it together. I'm gonna keep you guys extremely accountable like, I'm pretty strict with it. I'll show you what I mean that we're gonna go through. And the reason that we're so part of
Lilliana Robinson: on it is because if you guys are missing something like we will go back and hound you until you have it, because you're gonna regret getting to Week 13 and not having these things together, especially while you're in Texas. So folks want to talk about. So one example of like undability.
Lilliana Robinson: It's like, if you wanna say you want a fundrais, you don't have a data room.
Lilliana Robinson: What what are we doing like? We can't even start with that process, and you've been helping you make progress unless you've done your part of the job, which is documenting everything about your business that would be expected of any investor would write you a check after I do. Of course. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: data room change. One of the businesses like free product is your revenue. That's a great question. I was, I was, gonna get into that. So basically, what we want is as the first draft of a data room, a data room like a financial model which the data room includes is living and breathing. So this isn't like we're putting it. And then we're gonna shut our laptop and, like, you know, wipe our hands off. We're putting first drafts so that you at least have a living, breathing data room that then you can go in and update.
Lilliana Robinson: So each deliverable like it might just be a preliminary guess at what your eyes are, cause you're pivoting, or something like Rhonda and blank labs that they're both pivoting. So just give a guess, and at least have the document at least have built it out. Understand what's supposed to be there so that you can go back and iterate is. The worst thing is to just have a blank Google folder that you don't know what to fill. We're gonna fill it with something. And then you can keep iterating.
Lilliana Robinson: That's the whole point.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's why I never want to see you guys not submit and be like, actually, we're figuring this out. I don't have a finished product for them, that deliverable. I want anything. Yeah, you guys are, gonna do it. You're gonna say, I actually can't give you my financial model because we're figuring it out.
Lilliana Robinson: My advice is like in your calendar book time. Whoever is on your team that needs to commit the time to do the work. Have a plan right? Don't! Don't let it fall off the wayside.
Lilliana Robinson: especially if your expectation and goal is to even consider fundraising in the near future.
Lilliana Robinson: You should commit the time to do the work that you would need to even be at the starting line to have that conversation with us. But this is just table states. It doesn't matter what you're gonna do. You're not really a business. And so you have some fundraising.
Lilliana Robinson: You should still have a data. It's still helpful to have your business organized and documented in a thoughtful way that allows you to share with anyone. So, case in point, you know what else to sell your company.
Lilliana Robinson: So if you want to get acquired, if you want to get a big partnership deal done. If you want to join forces with another organization or entity, having your information dialed in and on point and gathered, allows you to have a much smoother conversation, and to command even more value when you do that deal.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's helpful to everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: But let's go into showing it. So I will show you guys the full thing. This is recorded so you can go back and look at it anytime.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm gonna pull up. Do you guys remember Andrew from auto? He was doing the real estate startup. He talked about his company updates. Yeah, yeah. He came for the alumni panel. So Andrew is awesome. I'm using his as an example.
Lilliana Robinson: So I have these templates like Chloe will then distribute to you guys week by week. So here's an overview because a lot of people like to see it and just like, know what's coming. Here's the overview the last one week 12. That's our Demo day meeting. So I always make that one optional. That one is the death, the investment deck. So you can go back to that one later. But weeks. 5
Lilliana Robinson: through 11 are all going to be mandatory, and we're going to do them together. So by the Monday of week 12, when you complete week 11, you should have a full dating room.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's go into each one.
Lilliana Robinson: or let's go into a couple. You're only gonna see one at a time. So if you want to see what's coming, you can look at this recording here but week 5, for example, do this Monday. So we'll update all this for you guys, and you'll see it in your own individual company project every Monday this Monday. All you have to do the deliverable is read, the articles listed in the resources and ask for Eir if you want any clarification on the item. So no written deliverable this week. Normally there will be a written, deliverable
Lilliana Robinson: oh, we also break it down for you. Great. Normally, you'll have a weekly deliverable and you're gonna submit them.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, you're gonna submit them in the Hq. So I'll show you where to find that, because a lot of people ask that in the first week. So this is last Chicago's, Hq. You should go to dots and files. There's gonna be a folder in your Hq. Called Data Room Deliverables.
Lilliana Robinson: That's where that public dashboard is. And that's where each week it's gonna have a folder. So Week 5 doesn't have a folder because there's no deliverables. But for week 6 we're gonna have a deliverables folder for financial models. This is where you drop it. You drop it here so that we can count and see everybody's altogether. So you're not submitting it separately or putting it in here, and we're all just doing it together. So we can see at a glance who's doing what? And we're just going on this journey together.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anyone have any questions?
Lilliana Robinson: Anyone on Zoom, too?
Lilliana Robinson: He's got a question. How often like you said, this is a living document. How often you need, like see people like come back to it and update it like what's like good practice.
Lilliana Robinson: So I'll be here. Dude like this is regularly like, absolutely, especially when you're fundraising in particular. This has to be chisels. So you're gonna be making. It's almost like you're. It's like a.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, like a like a software project like you're, you're making lots of changes over time as you tweak it as you. Every investor interaction you have. You're adding an appendix slide based on a question you got. It's not included into it. I mean Feron, you. You went through this yourself. I don't know if you have any perspective. No, I'm saying Corona would do it as like she met with investors and had to run a process
Lilliana Robinson: every week. The question for people on Zoom was, How often are you iterating your data room? I mean, look at all these pieces up here.
Lilliana Robinson: stakeholder communication. You're having a new one every week when you're sending your update unless you switch to monthly metrics should be updated every week. These Kpis financial model every day, like Neil says market data, this one, maybe a little less. But whenever you go back to do your market analysis, maybe monthly. Yeah. When I was in New York last week, so what was cool is like we had an lp, so text, ours Lps were all there, and we had founders come up on stage and like, talk about fundraising in a journey, the data Collins, up on stage with them. I'm up on stage with them.
Lilliana Robinson: These are founders have raised anywhere from like 2 to 10 million dollars in the past year or 2. Right? They're the ones on stage talking about. They're doing that
Lilliana Robinson: number one thing that came out of those conversations. And then they were saying that they benefited from from the program, from techstars was the meson plus of their data.
Lilliana Robinson: Me some class. You all know what I'm talking about having everything ready like. It's a term for cooking. You have all the ingredients and everything you need for your recipe laid out. That's what you have
Lilliana Robinson: for your company when you have your data room organized and thoughtfully put together. So Liliana and I made it a internal Kpi, what was it okay for us in meaning, not reporting to techstars. But our personal goal is every company that goes through. One of our programs walks out after Demo Day with a clean data room that is our goal on ourselves that we want to help you do. This is a big part of what we're doing to facilitate.
Lilliana Robinson: not every tech service program has this much detail and and support around getting this done, we're doing it because we think it's one of the best places set y'all for success, Nelson, you have a question.
Nelson Mitchell: Yeah. So I mean, this is mainly around when a data room gets used within the sequence, cause I'm I'm remembering back to Troy's advice to not show the financial model unless you're.
Lilliana Robinson: All the day.
Nelson Mitchell: Such.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Nelson Mitchell: Right? So is this the point is the data room come into play when somebody's like.
Nelson Mitchell: I wanna invest in you. But now I need to double check everything. So they've seen the the financial model, and they just want to go back.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So you you share the data room when there's appetite for follow on conversations. And you think things are getting more green.
Lilliana Robinson: You don't want to send the data room on a whim with an investor that you really want, because you want to appease them.
Lilliana Robinson: That's not good enough. But when you have an investor, you have a good initial conversation or 2, and you walk into your financial model or your dad or both. And there's clearly like potential synergy. And they're interested in running a process with you. Meaning like, let's come to a decision within the next 4 to 6 weeks. Whether we want to commit.
Lilliana Robinson: Send us your data room.
Lilliana Robinson: That's when things get real and you can make a move. So and what we've learned and the feedback we've gotten from our founders who finished program with, this is, investors are blown away, that coming out of tech stars. There are founders who, when they ask for a data room after those initial conversations can send it to them right away. Because what most people do aren't in tech stars is an investable goal. Let's see your data room. And then they gotta go Google, what's the data room?
Lilliana Robinson: And then you gotta go fill in all the stuff. And then they gotta do the work to fill it in, and it's not quite good, and then they wait, and it's a delay. But if you are ready immediately to send the data run right after they ask, because you're on the same page about what the next step is. That is one of the most impressive things you can do.
Lilliana Robinson: And you're not gonna find this online, like, basically, if you had to do a quick Google search and figure it out from there like you're not gonna have the same thing. So like me. And Mert wrote out all of this, we found our own resources from our own lives as well as things we know are great, like the text toolkit. We have Brad stuff in here. We've written out and summarize, and just, you know, brought it all down to a really potent form of what the actual deliverable is.
Lilliana Robinson: I did the research to look at what's online when I was making this. And it's not there. So this is very individualized and exclusive help.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so we have 2 min before you guys are supposed to start your Kpi. So let me pause. Here, I'm gonna end the recording. So you guys know what you're gonna do.